VanillaStyle
AutoCrafting
------------
(VSAC)

My take on an implementation of an autocrafter in a vanilla minecraft style

Mod Info

Info:
*****
Mod creator : mosselini1
Based upon an idea of Mumbo Jumbo (Youtube).
The base of the code was made in MCreator, I then it refined it with standard java coding.
This mod was made on forge and is hosted on modrinth.

I wanted a new challenge, for the fun and experience, and remembered vaguely this concept mentioned by him in one of his Youtube videos.
I went on and coded it, i later found the video in question back and realized it had already been done in the QuickCarpet (Qc) mod.
Since the implementation is different however, it can still be interesting.

In comparison: 
In QC you put items in the crafter and suck the result out when you want to craft by unlocking a hopper beneath.
Here you insert the items and send a pulse to the block to craft, you can suck the result out when you wish.

With my version I was able to design a fully automated crafting machine, that could make all the crafts (see disclaimer) that a normal crafting bench can do.
In QC it seemed to rely on movable tile entities provided by the Carpet mod.

While movable tile entities could be awesome, my machine doesn't require it.
It would however certainly simplify and speed up the crafting process.

Disclaimer:
***********
This version doesn't allow for recipes that are nor Shaped neither Shapeless (In theory this can not be but in practice this exist in minecraft).
I had to re-code the recipe parser myself since I didn’t saw how to use the regular one (I dind't find a way for it for in the 1.19 code).
Would I be able to find it then indeed all crafts from a crafting table would be possible.

This is my first mod, I hope that everything works well but due to my inexperience some problems could exist.
If needed, you can contact me by mail (mosselini1@hotmail.com) and I will check it out when i will have time.

I see this mod as a proof of concept, I think it would work as vanilla feature: it isn't op since you need to design a relatively complex machine to mine to harness its full potential and I locked it behind netherite which would make it an endgame item.
While this wouldn’t be the most useful redstone component, this could lead to more crazy designs to go beyond autonomous farms and enormous storage facilities (Nexus by EthosLab for example) to automatic factories.
Add this to the fact that the code itself is done purely vanilla and easy to implement and this could be really nice.

While the main machine is a bit complex, significant simplifications exist for some cases: ex : "only 1 element type" and "only 1 element", ...
This means that for example compacting and uncompacting resources (ex: ironbars to blocks, blocks to ironbars) is simple, which could help alleviate these tedious tasks.

The machine itself is nowhere near optimised, I left it this way so it could be more didactic/understandable. I could already easily compact it myself and I am sure redstone pros could compact it much more.

Data:
*****
All the information can be found on the vsac modrinth page.
I made a github repository (link on vsac modrinth page) for this mod where you can find, amongst others, the mod source code, a map containing the crafting machines, a diagram explaining the machine, ... .

Licence:
********
You are free to use everything from what i made available on the vsac modrinth page,
but please mention and provide a link to this page if you do use something in any way. 


